perf: add redwood compatibility (#68)
eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro: CHANGELOG.md

---

## v18.0.0 - 2024-06-27

### [18.0.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/compare/v17.2.0...v18.0.0) (2024-06-27)

#### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

> * Add support to Redwood ([885e0b9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/commit/885e0b955722e4d86f89547764537ee74f707cf9)); the main change 

Reviewer: I think we should remove the final part
Also, what do you think about adding [Feature] at the beginning?

```suggestion
* [Feature] Add support to Redwood ([885e0b9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/commit/885e0b955722e4d86f89547764537ee74f707cf9)).
```

> * Fix when 'tutor distro enable-themes' was executed before, a new execution hung when it tried to overwrite the existing theme folder. The process requires confirmation ('yes') to proceed with the overwrite, but it did not receive this input automatically, leading to a freeze ([1924007](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/commit/1924007d121b46c9dc5949810f1e7f89fdf0fad2))

Reviewer: what do you think of:

```suggestion
* [Bugfix] 'tutor distro enable-themes' command would hang when trying to overwrite an existing theme folder due to not being able to read the confirmation input ('yes') to perform the overwrite ([1924007](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/commit/1924007d121b46c9dc5949810f1e7f89fdf0fad2)).
```
